Passed Blocking the use of JavaScript's eval() function can help prevent the execution of untrusted code. Blocks execution of plug-ins, using object-src restrictions Passed Blocking the execution of plug-ins via object-src 'none' or as inherited from default-src can prevent attackers from loading Flash or Java in the context of your page. Blocks inline styles by not allowing 'unsafe-inline' inside style-src Failed Blocking inline styles can help prevent attackers from modifying the contents or appearance of your page. Moving styles to external stylesheets can also help make your site more maintainable. Blocks loading of active content over HTTP or FTP Passed Loading JavaScript or plugins can allow a man-in-the-middle to execute arbitrary code or your website. Restricting your policy and changing links to HTTPS can help prevent this. Blocks loading of passive content over HTTP or FTP Passed This site's Content Security Policy allows the loading of passive content such as images or videos over insecure protocols such as HTTP or FTP. Consider changing them to load them over HTTPS. Clickjacking protection, using frame-ancestors Passed The use of CSP's frame-ancestors directive offers fine-grained control over who can frame your site. Deny by default, using default-src 'none' Failed Denying by default using default-src 'none' can ensure that your Content Security Policy doesn't allow the loading of resources you didn't intend to allow. Restricts use of the <base> tag by using base-uri 'none', base-uri 'self', or specific origins Passed The <base> tag can be used to trick your site into loading scripts from untrusted origins. Restricts where <form> contents may be submitted by using form-action 'none', form-action 'self', or specific URIs Failed Malicious JavaScript or content injection could modify where sensitive form data is submitted to or create additional forms for data exfiltration. Uses CSP3's 'strict-dynamic' directive to allow dynamic script loading (optional) - 'strict-dynamic' lets you use a JavaScript shim loader to load all your site's JavaScript dynamically, without having to track script-src origins. 